	I really enjoyed 10-301 Introduction to Machine Learning, and it solidified my passion for machine learning, in which I am currently pursuing a minor. I found the TA staff to be extremely invaluable. I’ve always been a big proponent of office hours, and the TAs were always helpful; I had a great experience with them. Additionally, this course provides many office hour slots, so I always felt that I could get help when I needed it. 
  In terms of the course material, it is extremely math-based, and more specifically probability-heavy. I took 36-226 before this class and found that my strong probability foundation was useful for this class. If you understand the mathematical reasoning behind the concepts, I found the programming assignments to be fairly straightforward, compared to other CS courses like 15-122 and 15-213. While you have the choice of Java, C++, or Python, programming in Python and using helpful matrix libraries like NumPy greatly reduce the complexity of the programming assignments. While I found the programming assignments to be straightforward, there is a written component with each homework, and those were the most time-consuming for me. 
	To review for exams, I redid all of the written homeworks for practice. They also release a lot of past exams and other helpful supplemental material. Since this class touches upon a lot of different algorithms, I think a key to success in this class is really understanding the big picture—understanding how the algorithms overlap and differ and why they work. 
